# Developer Documentation
## How to obtain the source code:
All of our source code is located of our GitHub repository: https://github.com/Navkiran23/DubSpot 

The source code can be obtained by cloning, forking, or downloading the repository.

## Repository layout:
The root directory contains all of our documentation and our package.json for Node.js, along with many subdirectories. 
 - The .github folder contains our GitHub workflows for our CI tests. 
 - The Backend folder contains our Express server file, located in index.js, and our 
other backend scripts responsible for the business logic portion of our infrastructure. We also have .sql files 
that represent the schema for our database with fake user data for testing. 
   - The data folder within Backend contains .csv files generated by the backend which are 
   processed into the database. 
 - The FrontEnd folder contains all our HTML, CSS, FrontEnd JS scripts, and images, which together 
   make up the static website. 
 - The node_modules folder contains all the npm packages.
 - The test folder contains all of our FrontEnd and BackEnd test files.
## How to build the software:
See section 'How to build and test' in the README.md in the top level directory of this repository. 

## How to test the software:
See section 'How to build and test' in the README.md in the top level directory of this repository.

## How to add new tests:
See section 'Test Addition' in the DubSpot living document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gVVq9EFmhHwVW9ghs4dpC0wqrOgmdvISW7WPuzbxT3c/edit?usp=sharing

## How to build a release of the software:
Before building a release, make sure to run all tests in the /test directory. 
Deploy 
